Q1) Describe the main difference between CSS Flexbox layout model and the CSS Grid layout model.
    When would you Choose to use one over the other?

Answere :

 (.) CSS FlexBox :
                  (i) The CSS Flexbox offers a one-dimensional layout. It is helpful in allocating and aligning the 
                      space among items in a container (made of grids). It works with all kinds of display devices 
                      and screen sizes.
                      To get started you have to define a container element as a grid with display: flex;

                 (ii) Flexbox gives you more flexibility while working on either element (row or column). HTML markup 
                      and CSS will be easy to manage in this type of scenario.

                (iii) Flex Container is the parent element while Flex Item represents the children. The Flex Container
                      can ensure balanced representation by adjusting item dimensions. This allows developers to design 
                      for fluctuating screen sizes

                (iv) Flex Direction allows developers to align elements vertically or horizontally, which is used when 
                     developers create and reverse rows or columns.

(.)CSS Gridlayout :

                 (i) CSS Grid Layout, is a two-dimensional grid-based layout system with rows and columns, making it easier 
                     to design web pages without having to use floats and positioning. Like tables, grid layout allow us to 
                     align elements into columns and rows.
                     To get started you have to define a container element as a grid with display: grid;
   
                (ii) GRID gives you more flexibility to move around the blocks irrespective of your HTML markup.

               (iii) Grid has two-dimension layout capabilities which allow flexible widths as a unit of length. This compensates 
                     for the limitations in Flex.

               (iv) CSS Grid deploys fractional measure units for grid fluidity and auto-keyword functionality to automatically 
                    adjust columns or rows.
